# IOS app for AR navigation

Although, it is the 21st century already, most of the citizens prefer to use paper maps or their online analogs in order to find the exact way. However, this case involves a lot of problems: from dependency on the stable internet connection up to the difficulties connected with understanding is it the right place to turn left of right. The existing applications on the market are devoted mainly to the usual maps and do not pay much attention to the improvement of the navigational process, which can positively influence of the user’s experience. So, that is why trying to make the everyday navigation easier seems a good idea. The only questions is how to do it?

The main purpose of the work is to create a mobile application which helps the user to navigate to the destination point outdoor as well as stay informed of the nearby excursion places. The augmented reality is one of the options of how this goal can be achieved. Having an augmented reality projection together with a usual map can help to solve the mentioned difficulties, so the user’s experience will become even better. Monitoring the geolocation in a real time using the in-device modules and creation an augmented reality projection together with changes on the common map do not require the expenditure of personal time. The navigation algorithms were developed in order to let this possible and convert the geolocation coordinates to the augmented reality mode as well as find the steps among the route itself. Furthermore, the application stores information about the excursion objects: theaters and museums, so while navigating to the destination location it is possible to learn more about the city where you are now. Also, an opportunity to load the saved and frequently used routes can save time used for searching. There is a widget connected with the application to which the main functions are linked to, so it is possible to faster perform the main operations. The application is implemented using technologies: ARKit, Google Firebase, MKMap and others.
